# NAME

WWW::OpenAPIClient::Role - a Moose role for the AccuCampus OpenAPI 3 Documentation

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

# VERSION

Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PerlClientCodegen

## A note on Moose

This role is the only component of the library that uses Moose. See
WWW::OpenAPIClient::ApiFactory for non-Moosey usage.

# SYNOPSIS

The Perl Generator in the OpenAPI Generator project builds a library of Perl modules to interact with
a web service defined by a OpenAPI Specification. See below for how to build the
library.

This module provides an interface to the generated library. All the classes,
objects, and methods (well, not quite \*all\*, see below) are flattened into this
role.

        package MyApp;
        use Moose;
        with 'WWW::OpenAPIClient::Role';

        package main;

        my $api = MyApp->new({ tokens => $tokens });

        my $pet = $api->get_pet_by_id(pet_id => $pet_id);


## Structure of the library

The library consists of a set of API classes, one for each endpoint. These APIs
implement the method calls available on each endpoint.

Additionally, there is a set of "object" classes, which represent the objects
returned by and sent to the methods on the endpoints.

An API factory class is provided, which builds instances of each endpoint API.

This Moose role flattens all the methods from the endpoint APIs onto the consuming
class. It also provides methods to retrieve the endpoint API objects, and the API
factory object, should you need it.

For documentation of all these methods, see AUTOMATIC DOCUMENTATION below.

## Configuring authentication

In the normal case, the OpenAPI Spec will describe what parameters are
required and where to put them. You just need to supply the tokens.

    my $tokens = {
        # basic
        username => $username,
        password => $password,

        # oauth
        access_token => $oauth_token,

        # keys
        $some_key => { token => $token,
                       prefix => $prefix,
                       in => $in,             # 'head||query',
                       },

        $another => { token => $token,
                      prefix => $prefix,
                      in => $in,              # 'head||query',
                      },
        ...,

        };

        my $api = MyApp->new({ tokens => $tokens });

Note these are all optional, as are `prefix` and `in`, and depend on the API
you are accessing. Usually `prefix` and `in` will be determined by the code generator from
the spec and you will not need to set them at run time. If not, `in` will
default to 'head' and `prefix` to the empty string.

The tokens will be placed in a L<WWW::OpenAPIClient::Configuration> instance
as follows, but you don't need to know about this.

- `$cfg->{username}`

    String. The username for basic auth.

- `$cfg->{password}`

    String. The password for basic auth.

- `$cfg->{api_key}`

    Hashref. Keyed on the name of each key (there can be multiple tokens).

            $cfg->{api_key} = {
                    secretKey => 'aaaabbbbccccdddd',
                    anotherKey => '1111222233334444',
                    };

- `$cfg->{api_key_prefix}`

    Hashref. Keyed on the name of each key (there can be multiple tokens). Note not
    all api keys require a prefix.

            $cfg->{api_key_prefix} = {
                    secretKey => 'string',
                    anotherKey => 'same or some other string',
                    };

- `$cfg->{access_token}`

    String. The OAuth access token.

# METHODS

## `base_url`

The generated code has the `base_url` already set as a default value. This method
returns the current value of `base_url`.

## `api_factory`

Returns an API factory object. You probably won't need to call this directly.

        $self->api_factory('Pet'); # returns a WWW::OpenAPIClient::PetApi instance

        $self->pet_api;            # the same

# MISSING METHODS

Most of the methods on the API are delegated to individual endpoint API objects
(e.g. Pet API, Store API, User API etc). Where different endpoint APIs use the
same method name (e.g. `new()`), these methods can't be delegated. So you need
to call `$api->pet_api->new()`.

In principle, every API is susceptible to the presence of a few, random, undelegatable
method names. In practice, because of the way method names are constructed, it's
unlikely in general that any methods will be undelegatable, except for:

        new()
        class_documentation()
        method_documentation()

To call these methods, you need to get a handle on the relevant object, either
by calling `$api->foo_api` or by retrieving an object, e.g.
`$api->get_pet_by_id(pet_id => $pet_id)`. They are class methods, so
you could also call them on class names.

# BUILDING YOUR LIBRARY

See the homepage `https://openapi-generator.tech` for full details.
But briefly, clone the git repository, build the codegen codebase, set up your build
config file, then run the API build script. You will need git, Java 7 or 8 and Apache
maven 3.0.3 or better already installed.

The config file should specify the project name for the generated library:

        {"moduleName":"WWW::MyProjectName"}

Your library files will be built under `WWW::MyProjectName`.

          $ git clone https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator
          $ cd openapi-generator
          $ mvn package
          $ java -jar modules/openapi-generator-cli/target/openapi-generator-cli.jar generate \
    -i [URL or file path to JSON OpenAPI API spec] \
    -g perl \
    -c /path/to/config/file.json \
    -o /path/to/output/folder

Bang, all done. Run the `autodoc` script in the `bin` directory to see the API
you just built.

# AUTOMATIC DOCUMENTATION

You can print out a summary of the generated API by running the included
`autodoc` script in the `bin` directory of your generated library. A few
output formats are supported:

          Usage: autodoc [OPTION]

    -w           wide format (default)
    -n           narrow format
    -p           POD format
    -H           HTML format
    -m           Markdown format
    -h           print this help message
    -c           your application class


The `-c` option allows you to load and inspect your own application. A dummy
namespace is used if you don't supply your own class.

# DOCUMENTATION FROM THE OpenAPI Spec

Additional documentation for each class and method may be provided by the OpenAPI
spec. If so, this is available via the `class_documentation()` and
`method_documentation()` methods on each generated object class, and the
`method_documentation()` method on the endpoint API classes:

        my $cmdoc = $api->pet_api->method_documentation->{$method_name};

        my $odoc = $api->get_pet_by_id->(pet_id => $pet_id)->class_documentation;
        my $omdoc = $api->get_pet_by_id->(pet_id => $pet_id)->method_documentation->{method_name};


Each of these calls returns a hashref with various useful pieces of information.

# LOAD THE MODULES

To load the API packages:
```perl
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::DefaultApi;

```

To load the models:
```perl
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ActionResult;
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ErrorActionResult;

````

# GETTING STARTED
Put the Perl SDK under the 'lib' folder in your project directory, then run the following
```perl
#!/usr/bin/perl
use lib 'lib';
use strict;
use warnings;
# load the API package
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::DefaultApi;

# load the models
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ActionResult;
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ErrorActionResult;

# for displaying the API response data
use Data::Dumper;
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::;

my $api_instance = WWW::OpenAPIClient::->new(
);

my $token = "token_example"; # string | The authentication token.
my $id = null; # string | The id of the action assignment to delete.

eval {
    $api_instance->actionassignmentdelete(token => $token, id => $id);
};
if ($@) {
    warn "Exception when calling DefaultApi->actionassignmentdelete: $@\n";
}

```

# DOCUMENTATION FOR API ENDPOINTS

All URIs are relative to *https://accucampus.net/api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentdelete) | **GET** /actionassignmentdelete | Remove an action item from an action plan
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentget) | **GET** /actionassignmentget | Search and view details of an action item assigned to a user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentlist) | **GET** /actionassignmentlist | View a list of action items in a user&#39;s plan
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentlisthistory**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentlisthistory) | **GET** /actionassignmentlisthistory | View the history of an action item assigned to a user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentlistmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentlistmine) | **GET** /actionassignmentlistmine | List public action assignments assigned to the logged user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentlistpublichistory**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentlistpublichistory) | **GET** /actionassignmentlistpublichistory | List public action assignment history
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentmarkcomplete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentmarkcomplete) | **GET** /actionassignmentmarkcomplete | Bulk complete action items
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentsave) | **POST** /actionassignmentsave | Add an action item to a user&#39;s action plan
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentsavehistory**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentsavehistory) | **POST** /actionassignmentsavehistory | Update an action item assigned to a user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionitemdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionitemdelete) | **GET** /actionitemdelete | Delete an action item
*DefaultApi* | [**actionitemget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionitemget) | **GET** /actionitemget | Search and view details of an action item
*DefaultApi* | [**actionitemlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionitemlist) | **GET** /actionitemlist | View a list of action items
*DefaultApi* | [**actionitemsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionitemsave) | **POST** /actionitemsave | Create or edit an action item
*DefaultApi* | [**actionloglist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionloglist) | **GET** /actionloglist | View a list of users action logs
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpackassign**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpackassign) | **GET** /actionpackassign | Assign an action item pack to a user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpackdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpackdelete) | **GET** /actionpackdelete | Delete an action item pack
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpackget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpackget) | **GET** /actionpackget | View details of an action item pack
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpacklist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpacklist) | **GET** /actionpacklist | View a list of action item packs
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpacksave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpacksave) | **POST** /actionpacksave | Create or edit an action item pack
*DefaultApi* | [**actiontypedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actiontypedelete) | **GET** /actiontypedelete | Delete an action item type
*DefaultApi* | [**actiontypeget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actiontypeget) | **GET** /actiontypeget | View details of an action item type
*DefaultApi* | [**actiontypelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actiontypelist) | **GET** /actiontypelist | View a list of action item types
*DefaultApi* | [**actiontypesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actiontypesave) | **POST** /actiontypesave | Create or edit an action item type
*DefaultApi* | [**advroleaddmissing**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroleaddmissing) | **GET** /advroleaddmissing | Adds the missing permissions to a role. Requires access to advrole.save
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolecheckperm**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolecheckperm) | **GET** /advrolecheckperm | Checks the permissions are assigned for the given roles
*DefaultApi* | [**advroledelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroledelete) | **GET** /advroledelete | Delete a role
*DefaultApi* | [**advroledeletemapping**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroledeletemapping) | **GET** /advroledeletemapping | Delete a role mapping
*DefaultApi* | [**advroleget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroleget) | **GET** /advroleget | View details of a role
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolelist) | **GET** /advrolelist | Lists the roles for the current account
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolelistmaps**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolelistmaps) | **GET** /advrolelistmaps | Lists the maps a roles is mapped to
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolelistrolesmapped**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolelistrolesmapped) | **GET** /advrolelistrolesmapped | Lists the roles mappings
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolelisttemplates**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolelisttemplates) | **GET** /advrolelisttemplates | View a list of role templates
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolesave) | **POST** /advrolesave | Create or edit a role
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolesavemapping**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolesavemapping) | **POST** /advrolesavemapping | Saves a role mapping
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolesuserlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolesuserlist) | **GET** /advrolesuserlist | List users. Alias to user.list, use that one instead.
*DefaultApi* | [**advroleuserupgrade**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroleuserupgrade) | **GET** /advroleuserupgrade | Upgrade a user to another role (requires permission to edit those roles)
*DefaultApi* | [**appsharegetphone**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appsharegetphone) | **GET** /appsharegetphone | Gets the phone number of the current user
*DefaultApi* | [**appsharesendtext**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appsharesendtext) | **GET** /appsharesendtext | Sends an SMS with the link to the app
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogcommentdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogcommentdelete) | **GET** /attendancelogcommentdelete | Delete a comment on an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogcommentget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogcommentget) | **GET** /attendancelogcommentget | View a comment on an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogcommentlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogcommentlist) | **GET** /attendancelogcommentlist | View all the comments on a specific attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogcommentsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogcommentsave) | **POST** /attendancelogcommentsave | Save a comment on an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogdelete) | **GET** /attendancelogdelete | Delete an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogget) | **GET** /attendancelogget | Search and view details of an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendanceloggetchangehistory**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendanceloggetchangehistory) | **GET** /attendanceloggetchangehistory | Search and view details of an attendance log&#39;s swipe history
*DefaultApi* | [**attendanceloglist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendanceloglist) | **GET** /attendanceloglist | View a list of attendance logs
*DefaultApi* | [**attendanceloglistmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendanceloglistmine) | **GET** /attendanceloglistmine | Gets the attendance logs of the current user
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogsave) | **POST** /attendancelogsave | Create or edit an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogsignout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogsignout) | **GET** /attendancelogsignout | Sign out an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogwhosin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogwhosin) | **GET** /attendancelogwhosin | View who&#39;s in a location
*DefaultApi* | [**bgjobgetstatus**](docs/DefaultApi.md#bgjobgetstatus) | **GET** /bgjobgetstatus | Get background job status
*DefaultApi* | [**captchagetchallenge**](docs/DefaultApi.md#captchagetchallenge) | **GET** /captchagetchallenge | Gets a captcha challenge that the user must complete to do certain requests.
*DefaultApi* | [**captchagetimage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#captchagetimage) | **GET** /captchagetimage | Gets a captcha image that the user must complete to do certain requests.
*DefaultApi* | [**changelog**](docs/DefaultApi.md#changelog) | **GET** /changelog | Get the application change log
*DefaultApi* | [**clientget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#clientget) | **GET** /clientget | Get client
*DefaultApi* | [**clientlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#clientlist) | **GET** /clientlist | Gets the clients of the specified conference
*DefaultApi* | [**clientsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#clientsave) | **POST** /clientsave | Saves a client
*DefaultApi* | [**clientsendmessage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#clientsendmessage) | **GET** /clientsendmessage | Send a message to a client
*DefaultApi* | [**departmentdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#departmentdelete) | **GET** /departmentdelete | Delete a college department
*DefaultApi* | [**departmentget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#departmentget) | **GET** /departmentget | Search and view details of a college department
*DefaultApi* | [**departmentlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#departmentlist) | **GET** /departmentlist | View a list of college departments
*DefaultApi* | [**departmentsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#departmentsave) | **POST** /departmentsave | Create or edit a college department
*DefaultApi* | [**doc**](docs/DefaultApi.md#doc) | **GET** /doc | Get the documentation
*DefaultApi* | [**easyloginaddbgimage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#easyloginaddbgimage) | **GET** /easyloginaddbgimage | Adds background image for the login
*DefaultApi* | [**eventdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventdelete) | **GET** /eventdelete | Delete a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventget) | **GET** /eventget | Search and view details of a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventgetsessionsbydate**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventgetsessionsbydate) | **GET** /eventgetsessionsbydate | View a list of courses by date
*DefaultApi* | [**eventlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventlist) | **GET** /eventlist | View a list of courses
*DefaultApi* | [**eventsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventsave) | **POST** /eventsave | Create or edit a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventsearchgroup**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventsearchgroup) | **GET** /eventsearchgroup | Searches for the available event groups
*DefaultApi* | [**export**](docs/DefaultApi.md#export) | **GET** /export | Export AccuCampus data
*DefaultApi* | [**exportlisttypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#exportlisttypes) | **GET** /exportlisttypes | Lists available export types
*DefaultApi* | [**featurelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#featurelist) | **GET** /featurelist | Lists the available features.
*DefaultApi* | [**holidaylist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#holidaylist) | **GET** /holidaylist | View a list of entered holidays
*DefaultApi* | [**holidaysave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#holidaysave) | **POST** /holidaysave | Create or edit a list of holidays
*DefaultApi* | [**holidaysuggest**](docs/DefaultApi.md#holidaysuggest) | **GET** /holidaysuggest | View the holiday suggestions in the given term
*DefaultApi* | [**import**](docs/DefaultApi.md#import) | **GET** /import | Import data into AccuCampus
*DefaultApi* | [**importlisttypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#importlisttypes) | **GET** /importlisttypes | Lists available import types
*DefaultApi* | [**licenseacceptagreement**](docs/DefaultApi.md#licenseacceptagreement) | **GET** /licenseacceptagreement | Accept the license agreement
*DefaultApi* | [**licensegetagreementstatus**](docs/DefaultApi.md#licensegetagreementstatus) | **GET** /licensegetagreementstatus | Check if license agreement has been accepted
*DefaultApi* | [**licensegetcurrent**](docs/DefaultApi.md#licensegetcurrent) | **GET** /licensegetcurrent | Gets the current license information
*DefaultApi* | [**licenserenew**](docs/DefaultApi.md#licenserenew) | **GET** /licenserenew | Contact Engineerica in order to renew the AccuCampus subscription
*DefaultApi* | [**listtimezones**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listtimezones) | **GET** /listtimezones | Lists the available timezones
*DefaultApi* | [**locationdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#locationdelete) | **GET** /locationdelete | Delete a location
*DefaultApi* | [**locationget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#locationget) | **GET** /locationget | Search and view details of a location
*DefaultApi* | [**locationlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#locationlist) | **GET** /locationlist | View a list of locations
*DefaultApi* | [**locationsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#locationsave) | **POST** /locationsave | Create or edit a location
*DefaultApi* | [**login**](docs/DefaultApi.md#login) | **GET** /login | Login
*DefaultApi* | [**logout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#logout) | **GET** /logout | Logout
*DefaultApi* | [**memorizedreportdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#memorizedreportdelete) | **GET** /memorizedreportdelete | Delete memorized report
*DefaultApi* | [**memorizedreportget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#memorizedreportget) | **GET** /memorizedreportget | View details of a memorized report
*DefaultApi* | [**memorizedreportlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#memorizedreportlist) | **GET** /memorizedreportlist | View a list of all his memorized reports
*DefaultApi* | [**memorizedreportsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#memorizedreportsave) | **POST** /memorizedreportsave | Create or edit a memorized report
*DefaultApi* | [**menugetitems**](docs/DefaultApi.md#menugetitems) | **GET** /menugetitems | Gets the items on the menu
*DefaultApi* | [**myaccount**](docs/DefaultApi.md#myaccount) | **GET** /myaccount | Gets the logged in user account.
*DefaultApi* | [**myianatimezone**](docs/DefaultApi.md#myianatimezone) | **GET** /myianatimezone | Gets the current time zone&#39;s iana name
*DefaultApi* | [**myprofile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#myprofile) | **GET** /myprofile | Gets the logged in user information.
*DefaultApi* | [**myrights**](docs/DefaultApi.md#myrights) | **GET** /myrights | Gets the list of actions the user can execute.
*DefaultApi* | [**mysaveprofile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mysaveprofile) | **POST** /mysaveprofile | Updates logged user&#39;s profile information
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationdelete) | **GET** /notificationdelete | Delete a notification
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationget) | **GET** /notificationget | View a notification
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationgetforstation**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationgetforstation) | **GET** /notificationgetforstation | Gets all public (in station) notifications for the specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationgetunreadcount**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationgetunreadcount) | **GET** /notificationgetunreadcount | Get the number of unread notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationlist) | **GET** /notificationlist | View a list of all sent notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationlistmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationlistmine) | **GET** /notificationlistmine | View all the notifications sent to the current user
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationmarkasread**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationmarkasread) | **GET** /notificationmarkasread | Mark a notification as read
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationmarkasunread**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationmarkasunread) | **GET** /notificationmarkasunread | Mark a notification as unread
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationsend**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationsend) | **GET** /notificationsend | Send notifications on screen, via email or text to users
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationsendonscreen**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationsendonscreen) | **GET** /notificationsendonscreen | Send on-screen notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopicdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopicdelete) | **GET** /notificationtopicdelete | Delete a notification topic
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopicget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopicget) | **GET** /notificationtopicget | Search and view details of a notification topic
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopiclist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopiclist) | **GET** /notificationtopiclist | List all the notification topics
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopiclistsubscribe**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopiclistsubscribe) | **GET** /notificationtopiclistsubscribe | List all the notification topics available to subscribe
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopicsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopicsave) | **POST** /notificationtopicsave | Create or edit a notification topic
*DefaultApi* | [**pushderegister**](docs/DefaultApi.md#pushderegister) | **GET** /pushderegister | Deregisters the current device to receive push notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**pushregister**](docs/DefaultApi.md#pushregister) | **GET** /pushregister | Registers the current device to receive push notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**qrlabelsprint**](docs/DefaultApi.md#qrlabelsprint) | **GET** /qrlabelsprint | Print and email QR labels
*DefaultApi* | [**qrloginget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#qrloginget) | **GET** /qrloginget | Gets an image of a QR token
*DefaultApi* | [**qrloginlogin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#qrloginlogin) | **GET** /qrloginlogin | Login
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpaneldeletewidget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpaneldeletewidget) | **GET** /quickpaneldeletewidget | Deletes a widget from the Quick Panel
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelfetchwidget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelfetchwidget) | **GET** /quickpanelfetchwidget | Fetches the information for a specific widget.
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelgetwidget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelgetwidget) | **GET** /quickpanelgetwidget | View details of a widget included in the Quick Panel
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelinit**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelinit) | **GET** /quickpanelinit | Returns the initial information required to show the quick panels
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanellistwidgets**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanellistwidgets) | **GET** /quickpanellistwidgets | Lists all the widgets that are added in the Quick Panel
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanellistwidgettypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanellistwidgettypes) | **GET** /quickpanellistwidgettypes | Lists all the widget types available in the system
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelreorderwidgets**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelreorderwidgets) | **GET** /quickpanelreorderwidgets | Reorders the widgets and moves them to a specific column
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelsavewidget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelsavewidget) | **POST** /quickpanelsavewidget | Saves a widget for the Quick Panel
*DefaultApi* | [**reportlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportlist) | **GET** /reportlist | View a list of available reports
*DefaultApi* | [**reportpermissionsbyuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportpermissionsbyuser) | **GET** /reportpermissionsbyuser | Permissions by user report
*DefaultApi* | [**reportprepare**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportprepare) | **GET** /reportprepare | Queries and loads the specified report, in background.
*DefaultApi* | [**reportquery**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportquery) | **GET** /reportquery | Query and load a specified report
*DefaultApi* | [**rolelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rolelist) | **GET** /rolelist | Show a list of roles
*DefaultApi* | [**ruledelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ruledelete) | **GET** /ruledelete | Delete a rule
*DefaultApi* | [**ruleget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ruleget) | **GET** /ruleget | View details of a rule
*DefaultApi* | [**rulegeteventtype**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulegeteventtype) | **GET** /rulegeteventtype | View details of a rule event type
*DefaultApi* | [**rulelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulelist) | **GET** /rulelist | View a list of user rules
*DefaultApi* | [**rulelistactions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulelistactions) | **GET** /rulelistactions | View a list of rule actions available
*DefaultApi* | [**rulelisteventtypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulelisteventtypes) | **GET** /rulelisteventtypes | View a list of rule event types
*DefaultApi* | [**rulelisthttprequests**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulelisthttprequests) | **GET** /rulelisthttprequests | View all the http requests sent as a result of a rule
*DefaultApi* | [**rulesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulesave) | **POST** /rulesave | Create or edit a rule
*DefaultApi* | [**search**](docs/DefaultApi.md#search) | **GET** /search | Search
*DefaultApi* | [**searchgetentities**](docs/DefaultApi.md#searchgetentities) | **GET** /searchgetentities | Get the information of the entities that can be searched
*DefaultApi* | [**securityassesspermission**](docs/DefaultApi.md#securityassesspermission) | **GET** /securityassesspermission | Returns the list of users for a specific permission
*DefaultApi* | [**securityassessrole**](docs/DefaultApi.md#securityassessrole) | **GET** /securityassessrole | Returns the list of permissions for a specific role
*DefaultApi* | [**securityassessscope**](docs/DefaultApi.md#securityassessscope) | **GET** /securityassessscope | Returns the list of users for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**securityassessuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#securityassessuser) | **GET** /securityassessuser | Returns the list of permissions for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregaddcurrentuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregaddcurrentuser) | **GET** /sessionregaddcurrentuser | Register current user to an event session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregadduser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregadduser) | **GET** /sessionregadduser | Register users for events
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreggetmysessions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreggetmysessions) | **GET** /sessionreggetmysessions | View all the sessions the logged user is registered to
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreggetsessions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreggetsessions) | **GET** /sessionreggetsessions | Lists the registrations for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreggetsettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreggetsettings) | **GET** /sessionreggetsettings | Get the settings for session registration
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreggetusers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreggetusers) | **GET** /sessionreggetusers | Lists the registrations for a specific session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreglistsessions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreglistsessions) | **GET** /sessionreglistsessions | List the sessions available for a specific event
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreglistupcoming**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreglistupcoming) | **GET** /sessionreglistupcoming | View a list of upcoming event sessions
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreglistupcomingevent**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreglistupcomingevent) | **GET** /sessionreglistupcomingevent | View a list of upcoming sessions of a particular event
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregremovecurrentuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregremovecurrentuser) | **GET** /sessionregremovecurrentuser | Unregister current user from an event session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregremoveuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregremoveuser) | **GET** /sessionregremoveuser | Removes a user from an event session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregsavesettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregsavesettings) | **POST** /sessionregsavesettings | Save the settings for an event&#39;s session registration
*DefaultApi* | [**settingaddlogo**](docs/DefaultApi.md#settingaddlogo) | **GET** /settingaddlogo | Add a logo to the account
*DefaultApi* | [**settingget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#settingget) | **GET** /settingget | Get settings for the account or the specified scope
*DefaultApi* | [**settingsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#settingsave) | **POST** /settingsave | Save settings for the account or the specified scope
*DefaultApi* | [**settingviewgeneral**](docs/DefaultApi.md#settingviewgeneral) | **GET** /settingviewgeneral | View general settings for the account
*DefaultApi* | [**ssogeneratekey**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ssogeneratekey) | **GET** /ssogeneratekey | Generate/reset single sign on access key.
*DefaultApi* | [**ssogetsettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ssogetsettings) | **GET** /ssogetsettings | View single sign on settings.
*DefaultApi* | [**ssoissuetoken**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ssoissuetoken) | **GET** /ssoissuetoken | Issue single sign-on token
*DefaultApi* | [**ssosavesettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ssosavesettings) | **POST** /ssosavesettings | Edit single sign-on settings.
*DefaultApi* | [**stationdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationdelete) | **GET** /stationdelete | Delete a sign-in station
*DefaultApi* | [**stationget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationget) | **GET** /stationget | View details of a sign-in station
*DefaultApi* | [**stationgetcurrentterms**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationgetcurrentterms) | **GET** /stationgetcurrentterms | Get all the current terms
*DefaultApi* | [**stationgetinfo**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationgetinfo) | **GET** /stationgetinfo | Gets a the info to display in the sign-in station by it&#39;s ID.
*DefaultApi* | [**stationgetlicense**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationgetlicense) | **GET** /stationgetlicense | Gets the current license information
*DefaultApi* | [**stationlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationlist) | **GET** /stationlist | View a list of sign-in stations
*DefaultApi* | [**stationsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationsave) | **POST** /stationsave | Create or edit a sign-in station
*DefaultApi* | [**stationunlock**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationunlock) | **GET** /stationunlock | Unlocks the sign-in station.
*DefaultApi* | [**swipedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipedelete) | **GET** /swipedelete | Delete a swipe
*DefaultApi* | [**swipeget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipeget) | **GET** /swipeget | Search and view details of a swipe
*DefaultApi* | [**swipelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipelist) | **GET** /swipelist | View a list of swipes
*DefaultApi* | [**swipesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipesave) | **POST** /swipesave | Create or edit a swipe, and if possible, save the related attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**swipesaveanonym**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipesaveanonym) | **POST** /swipesaveanonym | Creates a new swipe from a sign-in station, and if possible, creates the attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**tagdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagdelete) | **GET** /tagdelete | Delete a tag
*DefaultApi* | [**tagget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagget) | **GET** /tagget | View details of a specified tag
*DefaultApi* | [**taglist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#taglist) | **GET** /taglist | View a list of tags
*DefaultApi* | [**taglistgroups**](docs/DefaultApi.md#taglistgroups) | **GET** /taglistgroups | View a list of entities that can be tagged
*DefaultApi* | [**tagsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagsave) | **POST** /tagsave | Create or edit a tag
*DefaultApi* | [**tagsearch**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagsearch) | **GET** /tagsearch | Search for tags in the account
*DefaultApi* | [**templateaddimage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templateaddimage) | **GET** /templateaddimage | Add an image to a template
*DefaultApi* | [**templatedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatedelete) | **GET** /templatedelete | Delete a template
*DefaultApi* | [**templateemail**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templateemail) | **GET** /templateemail | Send generated templates by email
*DefaultApi* | [**templategenerate**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templategenerate) | **GET** /templategenerate | Generate specified templates
*DefaultApi* | [**templateget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templateget) | **GET** /templateget | View details of a template
*DefaultApi* | [**templategetgenerated**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templategetgenerated) | **GET** /templategetgenerated | View generated templates
*DefaultApi* | [**templatelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatelist) | **GET** /templatelist | View a list of defined templates
*DefaultApi* | [**templatelistsources**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatelistsources) | **GET** /templatelistsources | View a list of templates&#39; data sources
*DefaultApi* | [**templatesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatesave) | **POST** /templatesave | Create or edit a template
*DefaultApi* | [**templatesavelayout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatesavelayout) | **POST** /templatesavelayout | Save the layout of a template
*DefaultApi* | [**termdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#termdelete) | **GET** /termdelete | Delete a term
*DefaultApi* | [**termget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#termget) | **GET** /termget | Search and view details of a term
*DefaultApi* | [**termlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#termlist) | **GET** /termlist | Search and view details of all terms
*DefaultApi* | [**termsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#termsave) | **POST** /termsave | Create and edit terms
*DefaultApi* | [**textcreditremaining**](docs/DefaultApi.md#textcreditremaining) | **GET** /textcreditremaining | Gets the remaining text credits for the account
*DefaultApi* | [**texttoimage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#texttoimage) | **GET** /texttoimage | Generates a dynamic image from text
*DefaultApi* | [**translationget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#translationget) | **GET** /translationget | Gets the translations of the specified values
*DefaultApi* | [**translationgetcachefile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#translationgetcachefile) | **GET** /translationgetcachefile | Get the file containing the translations
*DefaultApi* | [**translationlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#translationlist) | **GET** /translationlist | Lists all the available translations in the system
*DefaultApi* | [**translationsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#translationsave) | **POST** /translationsave | Edit a translation
*DefaultApi* | [**userchangepwd**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userchangepwd) | **GET** /userchangepwd | Change user&#39;s own password
*DefaultApi* | [**userchangepwdbyreq**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userchangepwdbyreq) | **GET** /userchangepwdbyreq | Changes the user password using a change password request id
*DefaultApi* | [**userdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userdelete) | **GET** /userdelete | Delete a user
*DefaultApi* | [**userfindsimilar**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userfindsimilar) | **GET** /userfindsimilar | Finds similar users to prevent duplicates
*DefaultApi* | [**userget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userget) | **GET** /userget | Search and view details of a user
*DefaultApi* | [**usergetbycard**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergetbycard) | **GET** /usergetbycard | Search user by card number
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupaddmember**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupaddmember) | **GET** /usergroupaddmember | Add a user to a group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupdelete) | **GET** /usergroupdelete | Delete a group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupget) | **GET** /usergroupget | Search and view details of a user group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupgetmembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupgetmembers) | **GET** /usergroupgetmembers | View the members of a user group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupgetuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupgetuser) | **GET** /usergroupgetuser | View the groups which a user is registered to
*DefaultApi* | [**usergrouplist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergrouplist) | **GET** /usergrouplist | View a list of user groups
*DefaultApi* | [**usergrouprefresh**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergrouprefresh) | **GET** /usergrouprefresh | Refresh the dynamic group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupremovemember**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupremovemember) | **GET** /usergroupremovemember | Remove a user from a group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupsave) | **POST** /usergroupsave | Create or edit a group
*DefaultApi* | [**userlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userlist) | **GET** /userlist | View a list of users
*DefaultApi* | [**userloadphoto**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userloadphoto) | **GET** /userloadphoto | Upload a photo for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**usermovedata**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usermovedata) | **GET** /usermovedata | Move data between users
*DefaultApi* | [**userrequestpwdchange**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userrequestpwdchange) | **GET** /userrequestpwdchange | Requests a password change
*DefaultApi* | [**usersave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersave) | **POST** /usersave | Create or edit a user
*DefaultApi* | [**usersavepwdchange**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersavepwdchange) | **POST** /usersavepwdchange | Send email to the specified user(s) to set/change their passwords
*DefaultApi* | [**usersettingsget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersettingsget) | **GET** /usersettingsget | Lists available user settings
*DefaultApi* | [**usersettingsgetmultiple**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersettingsgetmultiple) | **GET** /usersettingsgetmultiple | Get multiple user settings
*DefaultApi* | [**usersettingssave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersettingssave) | **POST** /usersettingssave | Saves a user setting
*DefaultApi* | [**usersettingssavemultiple**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersettingssavemultiple) | **POST** /usersettingssavemultiple | Save multiple user settings at once
*DefaultApi* | [**usertaskdeleteplan**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usertaskdeleteplan) | **GET** /usertaskdeleteplan | Deletes a task plan
*DefaultApi* | [**usertaskgetmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usertaskgetmine) | **GET** /usertaskgetmine | Lists the task plans of the logged user
*DefaultApi* | [**usertaskgetplan**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usertaskgetplan) | **GET** /usertaskgetplan | Gets a task plan by Id
*DefaultApi* | [**usertasklistdefs**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usertasklistdefs) | **GET** /usertasklistdefs | Lists task types or definitions
*DefaultApi* | [**usertasklistplan**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usertasklistplan) | **GET** /usertasklistplan | Lists task plans
*DefaultApi* | [**usertasksaveplan**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usertasksaveplan) | **POST** /usertasksaveplan | Saves a task plan
*DefaultApi* | [**version**](docs/DefaultApi.md#version) | **GET** /version | Get current version information


# DOCUMENTATION FOR MODELS
 - [WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ActionResult](docs/ActionResult.md)
 - [WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ErrorActionResult](docs/ErrorActionResult.md)


# DOCUMENTATION FOR AUTHORIZATION
 All endpoints do not require authorization.

