# NAME

WWW::OpenAPIClient::Role - a Moose role for the AccuCampus OpenAPI 3 Documentation

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

# VERSION

Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PerlClientCodegen

## A note on Moose

This role is the only component of the library that uses Moose. See
WWW::OpenAPIClient::ApiFactory for non-Moosey usage.

# SYNOPSIS

The Perl Generator in the OpenAPI Generator project builds a library of Perl modules to interact with
a web service defined by a OpenAPI Specification. See below for how to build the
library.

This module provides an interface to the generated library. All the classes,
objects, and methods (well, not quite \*all\*, see below) are flattened into this
role.

        package MyApp;
        use Moose;
        with 'WWW::OpenAPIClient::Role';

        package main;

        my $api = MyApp->new({ tokens => $tokens });

        my $pet = $api->get_pet_by_id(pet_id => $pet_id);


## Structure of the library

The library consists of a set of API classes, one for each endpoint. These APIs
implement the method calls available on each endpoint.

Additionally, there is a set of "object" classes, which represent the objects
returned by and sent to the methods on the endpoints.

An API factory class is provided, which builds instances of each endpoint API.

This Moose role flattens all the methods from the endpoint APIs onto the consuming
class. It also provides methods to retrieve the endpoint API objects, and the API
factory object, should you need it.

For documentation of all these methods, see AUTOMATIC DOCUMENTATION below.

## Configuring authentication

In the normal case, the OpenAPI Spec will describe what parameters are
required and where to put them. You just need to supply the tokens.

    my $tokens = {
        # basic
        username => $username,
        password => $password,

        # oauth
        access_token => $oauth_token,

        # keys
        $some_key => { token => $token,
                       prefix => $prefix,
                       in => $in,             # 'head||query',
                       },

        $another => { token => $token,
                      prefix => $prefix,
                      in => $in,              # 'head||query',
                      },
        ...,

        };

        my $api = MyApp->new({ tokens => $tokens });

Note these are all optional, as are `prefix` and `in`, and depend on the API
you are accessing. Usually `prefix` and `in` will be determined by the code generator from
the spec and you will not need to set them at run time. If not, `in` will
default to 'head' and `prefix` to the empty string.

The tokens will be placed in a L<WWW::OpenAPIClient::Configuration> instance
as follows, but you don't need to know about this.

- `$cfg->{username}`

    String. The username for basic auth.

- `$cfg->{password}`

    String. The password for basic auth.

- `$cfg->{api_key}`

    Hashref. Keyed on the name of each key (there can be multiple tokens).

            $cfg->{api_key} = {
                    secretKey => 'aaaabbbbccccdddd',
                    anotherKey => '1111222233334444',
                    };

- `$cfg->{api_key_prefix}`

    Hashref. Keyed on the name of each key (there can be multiple tokens). Note not
    all api keys require a prefix.

            $cfg->{api_key_prefix} = {
                    secretKey => 'string',
                    anotherKey => 'same or some other string',
                    };

- `$cfg->{access_token}`

    String. The OAuth access token.

# METHODS

## `base_url`

The generated code has the `base_url` already set as a default value. This method
returns the current value of `base_url`.

## `api_factory`

Returns an API factory object. You probably won't need to call this directly.

        $self->api_factory('Pet'); # returns a WWW::OpenAPIClient::PetApi instance

        $self->pet_api;            # the same

# MISSING METHODS

Most of the methods on the API are delegated to individual endpoint API objects
(e.g. Pet API, Store API, User API etc). Where different endpoint APIs use the
same method name (e.g. `new()`), these methods can't be delegated. So you need
to call `$api->pet_api->new()`.

In principle, every API is susceptible to the presence of a few, random, undelegatable
method names. In practice, because of the way method names are constructed, it's
unlikely in general that any methods will be undelegatable, except for:

        new()
        class_documentation()
        method_documentation()

To call these methods, you need to get a handle on the relevant object, either
by calling `$api->foo_api` or by retrieving an object, e.g.
`$api->get_pet_by_id(pet_id => $pet_id)`. They are class methods, so
you could also call them on class names.

# BUILDING YOUR LIBRARY

See the homepage `https://openapi-generator.tech` for full details.
But briefly, clone the git repository, build the codegen codebase, set up your build
config file, then run the API build script. You will need git, Java 7 or 8 and Apache
maven 3.0.3 or better already installed.

The config file should specify the project name for the generated library:

        {"moduleName":"WWW::MyProjectName"}

Your library files will be built under `WWW::MyProjectName`.

          $ git clone https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator
          $ cd openapi-generator
          $ mvn package
          $ java -jar modules/openapi-generator-cli/target/openapi-generator-cli.jar generate \
    -i [URL or file path to JSON OpenAPI API spec] \
    -g perl \
    -c /path/to/config/file.json \
    -o /path/to/output/folder

Bang, all done. Run the `autodoc` script in the `bin` directory to see the API
you just built.

# AUTOMATIC DOCUMENTATION

You can print out a summary of the generated API by running the included
`autodoc` script in the `bin` directory of your generated library. A few
output formats are supported:

          Usage: autodoc [OPTION]

    -w           wide format (default)
    -n           narrow format
    -p           POD format
    -H           HTML format
    -m           Markdown format
    -h           print this help message
    -c           your application class


The `-c` option allows you to load and inspect your own application. A dummy
namespace is used if you don't supply your own class.

# DOCUMENTATION FROM THE OpenAPI Spec

Additional documentation for each class and method may be provided by the OpenAPI
spec. If so, this is available via the `class_documentation()` and
`method_documentation()` methods on each generated object class, and the
`method_documentation()` method on the endpoint API classes:

        my $cmdoc = $api->pet_api->method_documentation->{$method_name};

        my $odoc = $api->get_pet_by_id->(pet_id => $pet_id)->class_documentation;
        my $omdoc = $api->get_pet_by_id->(pet_id => $pet_id)->method_documentation->{method_name};


Each of these calls returns a hashref with various useful pieces of information.

# LOAD THE MODULES

To load the API packages:
```perl
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::DefaultApi;

```

To load the models:
```perl
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ActionResult;
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ErrorActionResult;

````

# GETTING STARTED
Put the Perl SDK under the 'lib' folder in your project directory, then run the following
```perl
#!/usr/bin/perl
use lib 'lib';
use strict;
use warnings;
# load the API package
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::DefaultApi;

# load the models
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ActionResult;
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ErrorActionResult;

# for displaying the API response data
use Data::Dumper;
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::;

my $api_instance = WWW::OpenAPIClient::->new(
);

my $token = "token_example"; # string | The authentication token.
my $id = null; # string | The id of the action assignment to delete.

eval {
    $api_instance->actionassignmentdelete(token => $token, id => $id);
};
if ($@) {
    warn "Exception when calling DefaultApi->actionassignmentdelete: $@\n";
}

```

# DOCUMENTATION FOR API ENDPOINTS

All URIs are relative to *https://accucampus.net/api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentdelete) | **GET** /actionassignmentdelete | Remove an action item from an action plan
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentget) | **GET** /actionassignmentget | Search and view details of an action item assigned to a user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentlist) | **GET** /actionassignmentlist | View a list of action items in a user&#39;s plan
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentlisthistory**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentlisthistory) | **GET** /actionassignmentlisthistory | View the history of an action item assigned to a user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentlistmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentlistmine) | **GET** /actionassignmentlistmine | List public action assignments assigned to the logged user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentlistpublichistory**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentlistpublichistory) | **GET** /actionassignmentlistpublichistory | List public action assignment history
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentmarkcomplete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentmarkcomplete) | **GET** /actionassignmentmarkcomplete | Bulk complete action items
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentsave) | **POST** /actionassignmentsave | Add an action item to a user&#39;s action plan
*DefaultApi* | [**actionassignmentsavehistory**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionassignmentsavehistory) | **POST** /actionassignmentsavehistory | Update an action item assigned to a user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionitemdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionitemdelete) | **GET** /actionitemdelete | Delete an action item
*DefaultApi* | [**actionitemget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionitemget) | **GET** /actionitemget | Search and view details of an action item
*DefaultApi* | [**actionitemlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionitemlist) | **GET** /actionitemlist | View a list of action items
*DefaultApi* | [**actionitemsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionitemsave) | **POST** /actionitemsave | Create or edit an action item
*DefaultApi* | [**actionloglist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionloglist) | **GET** /actionloglist | View a list of users action logs
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpackassign**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpackassign) | **GET** /actionpackassign | Assign an action item pack to a user
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpackdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpackdelete) | **GET** /actionpackdelete | Delete an action item pack
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpackget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpackget) | **GET** /actionpackget | View details of an action item pack
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpacklist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpacklist) | **GET** /actionpacklist | View a list of action item packs
*DefaultApi* | [**actionpacksave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actionpacksave) | **POST** /actionpacksave | Create or edit an action item pack
*DefaultApi* | [**actiontypedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actiontypedelete) | **GET** /actiontypedelete | Delete an action item type
*DefaultApi* | [**actiontypeget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actiontypeget) | **GET** /actiontypeget | View details of an action item type
*DefaultApi* | [**actiontypelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actiontypelist) | **GET** /actiontypelist | View a list of action item types
*DefaultApi* | [**actiontypesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#actiontypesave) | **POST** /actiontypesave | Create or edit an action item type
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocquerycheckexecution**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocquerycheckexecution) | **GET** /adhocquerycheckexecution | Check the status of an ad hoc query execution
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocquerydelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocquerydelete) | **GET** /adhocquerydelete | Delete an ad hoc query
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocqueryexecute**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocqueryexecute) | **GET** /adhocqueryexecute | Execute an ad hoc query
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocqueryget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocqueryget) | **GET** /adhocqueryget | View details of an ad hoc query
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocquerygetschema**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocquerygetschema) | **GET** /adhocquerygetschema | View the database schema for making ad hoc queries
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocquerylist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocquerylist) | **GET** /adhocquerylist | View a list of saved ad hoc queries
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocquerylistexecutions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocquerylistexecutions) | **GET** /adhocquerylistexecutions | View a list of ad hoc queries executions
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocquerysave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocquerysave) | **POST** /adhocquerysave | Create or edit an ad hoc query
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocquerystopexecution**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocquerystopexecution) | **GET** /adhocquerystopexecution | Stops the execution of an ad hoc query
*DefaultApi* | [**adhocreportsreqaccess**](docs/DefaultApi.md#adhocreportsreqaccess) | **GET** /adhocreportsreqaccess | Request access to the ad-hoc reports
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationcheckunknownuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationcheckunknownuser) | **GET** /advancedstationcheckunknownuser | Check whether the user is known by the system.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationcheckuserrole**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationcheckuserrole) | **GET** /advancedstationcheckuserrole | Check whether the user is a staff member, an attendee or both.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationcreateuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationcreateuser) | **GET** /advancedstationcreateuser | Creates a user via a sign-in station.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationgetevents**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationgetevents) | **GET** /advancedstationgetevents | Gets the courses available for a specific location and a specific student.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationgetinfo**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationgetinfo) | **GET** /advancedstationgetinfo | Gets the info to display in the sign-in station by it&#39;s ID.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationgetlocations**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationgetlocations) | **GET** /advancedstationgetlocations | Gets the locations available in a sign-in station.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationgetlogstaff**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationgetlogstaff) | **GET** /advancedstationgetlogstaff | Gets the staff/tutors available filtered by the location, course and services of the given attendance log.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationgetroles**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationgetroles) | **GET** /advancedstationgetroles | Gets the user roles of the user trying to sign-in.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationgetservices**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationgetservices) | **GET** /advancedstationgetservices | Gets the services available for a specific location.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationgetstaff**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationgetstaff) | **GET** /advancedstationgetstaff | Gets the staff/tutors available for a specific location, course and service.
*DefaultApi* | [**advancedstationissignedin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advancedstationissignedin) | **GET** /advancedstationissignedin | Gets whether a user is signed-in or not.
*DefaultApi* | [**advroleaddmissing**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroleaddmissing) | **GET** /advroleaddmissing | Adds the missing permissions to a role. Requires access to advrole.save
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolecheckperm**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolecheckperm) | **GET** /advrolecheckperm | Checks the permissions are assigned for the given roles
*DefaultApi* | [**advroledelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroledelete) | **GET** /advroledelete | Delete a role
*DefaultApi* | [**advroledeletemapping**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroledeletemapping) | **GET** /advroledeletemapping | Delete a role mapping
*DefaultApi* | [**advroleget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroleget) | **GET** /advroleget | View details of a role
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolelist) | **GET** /advrolelist | Lists the roles for the current account
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolelistmaps**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolelistmaps) | **GET** /advrolelistmaps | Lists the maps a roles is mapped to
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolelistrolesmapped**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolelistrolesmapped) | **GET** /advrolelistrolesmapped | Lists the roles mappings
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolelisttemplates**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolelisttemplates) | **GET** /advrolelisttemplates | View a list of role templates
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolesave) | **POST** /advrolesave | Create or edit a role
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolesavemapping**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolesavemapping) | **POST** /advrolesavemapping | Saves a role mapping
*DefaultApi* | [**advrolesuserlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advrolesuserlist) | **GET** /advrolesuserlist | List users. Alias to user.list, use that one instead.
*DefaultApi* | [**advroleuserupgrade**](docs/DefaultApi.md#advroleuserupgrade) | **GET** /advroleuserupgrade | Upgrade a user to another role (requires permission to edit those roles)
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentcancel**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentcancel) | **GET** /appointmentcancel | Cancel an appointment
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentcheckisvalid**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentcheckisvalid) | **GET** /appointmentcheckisvalid | Check if an appointment is valid or not
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmenteditanyway**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmenteditanyway) | **GET** /appointmenteditanyway | Edit an appointment even if it breaks activated rules
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmenteditpresence**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmenteditpresence) | **GET** /appointmenteditpresence | Edit the no-show status of an appointment
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentfindallstaffslots**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentfindallstaffslots) | **GET** /appointmentfindallstaffslots | Finds all staff available slots filtered by service, date, etc
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentfindslots**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentfindslots) | **GET** /appointmentfindslots | Finds available slots filtered by service, date, staff, etc
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentfindstaff**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentfindstaff) | **GET** /appointmentfindstaff | Finds staff available by service, date, event, etc
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentget) | **GET** /appointmentget | Search and view details of an appointment
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentgetcurrent**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentgetcurrent) | **GET** /appointmentgetcurrent | Get the current appointments for the user that is about to sign-in via the specified sign-in station.
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentgetlocations**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentgetlocations) | **GET** /appointmentgetlocations | Find locations where a service is available
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentlist) | **GET** /appointmentlist | View a list of appointments
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentlistmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentlistmine) | **GET** /appointmentlistmine | View all my upcoming appointments
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentlistupcoming**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentlistupcoming) | **GET** /appointmentlistupcoming | Search and view details of all my upcoming appointments
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentrescheduleoutlook**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentrescheduleoutlook) | **GET** /appointmentrescheduleoutlook | Reschedule an appointment from MS Outlook.
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentrestore**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentrestore) | **GET** /appointmentrestore | Restore an appointment
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentrestoreanyway**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentrestoreanyway) | **GET** /appointmentrestoreanyway | Restore an appointment even if it breaks activated rules
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentsave) | **POST** /appointmentsave | Schedule an appointment
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentsetasvalid**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentsetasvalid) | **GET** /appointmentsetasvalid | Schedule an appointment even if it breaks activated rules
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentsuggestlocations**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentsuggestlocations) | **GET** /appointmentsuggestlocations | View the locations with most appointments
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentsuggestservices**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentsuggestservices) | **GET** /appointmentsuggestservices | View the services with most appointments
*DefaultApi* | [**appointmentvoid**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appointmentvoid) | **GET** /appointmentvoid | Void an appointment
*DefaultApi* | [**appsharegetphone**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appsharegetphone) | **GET** /appsharegetphone | Gets the phone number of the current user
*DefaultApi* | [**appsharesendtext**](docs/DefaultApi.md#appsharesendtext) | **GET** /appsharesendtext | Sends an SMS with the link to the app
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogcommentdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogcommentdelete) | **GET** /attendancelogcommentdelete | Delete a comment on an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogcommentget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogcommentget) | **GET** /attendancelogcommentget | View a comment on an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogcommentlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogcommentlist) | **GET** /attendancelogcommentlist | View all the comments on a specific attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogcommentsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogcommentsave) | **POST** /attendancelogcommentsave | Save a comment on an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogdelete) | **GET** /attendancelogdelete | Delete an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogget) | **GET** /attendancelogget | Search and view details of an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendanceloggetchangehistory**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendanceloggetchangehistory) | **GET** /attendanceloggetchangehistory | Search and view details of an attendance log&#39;s swipe history
*DefaultApi* | [**attendanceloglist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendanceloglist) | **GET** /attendanceloglist | View a list of attendance logs
*DefaultApi* | [**attendanceloglistmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendanceloglistmine) | **GET** /attendanceloglistmine | Gets the attendance logs of the current user
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogliststaff**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogliststaff) | **GET** /attendancelogliststaff | Gets the attendance logs that the current user is involved in as staff
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogsave) | **POST** /attendancelogsave | Create or edit an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogsignout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogsignout) | **GET** /attendancelogsignout | Sign out an attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancelogwhosin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancelogwhosin) | **GET** /attendancelogwhosin | View who&#39;s in a location
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancerestrictiondelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancerestrictiondelete) | **GET** /attendancerestrictiondelete | Delete an attendance restriction
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancerestrictionget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancerestrictionget) | **GET** /attendancerestrictionget | View details of an attendance restriction
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancerestrictionlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancerestrictionlist) | **GET** /attendancerestrictionlist | View a list of attendance restrictions
*DefaultApi* | [**attendancerestrictionsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#attendancerestrictionsave) | **POST** /attendancerestrictionsave | Create or edit an attendance restriction
*DefaultApi* | [**beacondelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beacondelete) | **GET** /beacondelete | Delete a beacon profile
*DefaultApi* | [**beacondisable**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beacondisable) | **GET** /beacondisable | Disable beacon support account wide
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconget) | **GET** /beaconget | View details of a beacon profile
*DefaultApi* | [**beacongetlocations**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beacongetlocations) | **GET** /beacongetlocations | Get the sign-in stations assigned to specific beacons.
*DefaultApi* | [**beacongetstationlocation**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beacongetstationlocation) | **GET** /beacongetstationlocation | Get the location settings in the specified sign-in station.
*DefaultApi* | [**beacongetuuid**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beacongetuuid) | **GET** /beacongetuuid | View the identifier for the account&#39;s beacon region (for sign-in stations).
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconlist) | **GET** /beaconlist | View a list of beacon profiles
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconlistprofiles**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconlistprofiles) | **GET** /beaconlistprofiles | View a list of beacon profiles with their characteristics
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconresetuuid**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconresetuuid) | **GET** /beaconresetuuid | Generate or reset the identifier for the account&#39;s beacon region.
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconsave) | **POST** /beaconsave | Create or edit a beacon profile
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconscanlocations**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconscanlocations) | **GET** /beaconscanlocations | Check if there&#39;s location available to sign-in / out.
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconsetuuid**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconsetuuid) | **GET** /beaconsetuuid | Set the identifier for the account&#39;s beacon region (for sign-in stations).
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconsilentregions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconsilentregions) | **GET** /beaconsilentregions | View all the beacon regions defined for silent tracking
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconsilentsignin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconsilentsignin) | **GET** /beaconsilentsignin | Sign-in silently from the location specified by a beacon
*DefaultApi* | [**beaconsilentsignout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#beaconsilentsignout) | **GET** /beaconsilentsignout | Sign-out silently from the location specified by a beacon
*DefaultApi* | [**bgjobgetstatus**](docs/DefaultApi.md#bgjobgetstatus) | **GET** /bgjobgetstatus | Get background job status
*DefaultApi* | [**captchagetchallenge**](docs/DefaultApi.md#captchagetchallenge) | **GET** /captchagetchallenge | Gets a captcha challenge that the user must complete to do certain requests.
*DefaultApi* | [**captchagetimage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#captchagetimage) | **GET** /captchagetimage | Gets a captcha image that the user must complete to do certain requests.
*DefaultApi* | [**changelog**](docs/DefaultApi.md#changelog) | **GET** /changelog | Get the application change log
*DefaultApi* | [**clientget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#clientget) | **GET** /clientget | Get client
*DefaultApi* | [**clientlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#clientlist) | **GET** /clientlist | Gets the clients of the specified conference
*DefaultApi* | [**clientsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#clientsave) | **POST** /clientsave | Saves a client
*DefaultApi* | [**clientsendmessage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#clientsendmessage) | **GET** /clientsendmessage | Send a message to a client
*DefaultApi* | [**communityinvite**](docs/DefaultApi.md#communityinvite) | **GET** /communityinvite | Sends an invitation to everyone to AccuCampus Communities
*DefaultApi* | [**communityjoin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#communityjoin) | **GET** /communityjoin | Sends an invitation for myself to AccuCampus Communities
*DefaultApi* | [**compasscategorydelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#compasscategorydelete) | **GET** /compasscategorydelete | Delete a compass category
*DefaultApi* | [**compasscategoryget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#compasscategoryget) | **GET** /compasscategoryget | View details of a compass category
*DefaultApi* | [**compasscategorylist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#compasscategorylist) | **GET** /compasscategorylist | View a list of compass categories
*DefaultApi* | [**compasscategorysave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#compasscategorysave) | **POST** /compasscategorysave | Create or edit a compass category
*DefaultApi* | [**compassservicelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#compassservicelist) | **GET** /compassservicelist | View all the services added to the compass
*DefaultApi* | [**compassservicelistlocations**](docs/DefaultApi.md#compassservicelistlocations) | **GET** /compassservicelistlocations | View all the locations where a service added to the compass is available
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlabdeletecomputer**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlabdeletecomputer) | **GET** /computerlabdeletecomputer | Delete a computer
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlabgetcomputer**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlabgetcomputer) | **GET** /computerlabgetcomputer | Search and view details of a computer
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlabgetsettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlabgetsettings) | **GET** /computerlabgetsettings | Loads the settings for a computer lab
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlabissignedin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlabissignedin) | **GET** /computerlabissignedin | Gets whether a user is signed-in or not.
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlablistcomputers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlablistcomputers) | **GET** /computerlablistcomputers | View a list of computers
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlablistlabs**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlablistlabs) | **GET** /computerlablistlabs | View a list of the locations that use the Computer Lab add-on
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlabliststations**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlabliststations) | **GET** /computerlabliststations | View a list of sign-in stations available for computer labs.
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlabsavecomputer**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlabsavecomputer) | **POST** /computerlabsavecomputer | Create or edit a computer
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlabsavesettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlabsavesettings) | **POST** /computerlabsavesettings | Saves the settings for a computer lab
*DefaultApi* | [**computerlabsaveswipe**](docs/DefaultApi.md#computerlabsaveswipe) | **POST** /computerlabsaveswipe | Save a new swipe from a computer in a computer lab.
*DefaultApi* | [**deadendrecordingdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deadendrecordingdelete) | **GET** /deadendrecordingdelete | Deletes a dead-end record group
*DefaultApi* | [**deadendrecordinglist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deadendrecordinglist) | **GET** /deadendrecordinglist | Lists the recorded dead ends, if enabled
*DefaultApi* | [**deadendrecordinglistcomments**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deadendrecordinglistcomments) | **GET** /deadendrecordinglistcomments | Lists the comments for a specific dead end
*DefaultApi* | [**deadendrecordingsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deadendrecordingsave) | **POST** /deadendrecordingsave | Saves a dead-end record
*DefaultApi* | [**departmentdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#departmentdelete) | **GET** /departmentdelete | Delete a college department
*DefaultApi* | [**departmentget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#departmentget) | **GET** /departmentget | Search and view details of a college department
*DefaultApi* | [**departmentlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#departmentlist) | **GET** /departmentlist | View a list of college departments
*DefaultApi* | [**departmentsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#departmentsave) | **POST** /departmentsave | Create or edit a college department
*DefaultApi* | [**doc**](docs/DefaultApi.md#doc) | **GET** /doc | Get the documentation
*DefaultApi* | [**easyloginaddbgimage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#easyloginaddbgimage) | **GET** /easyloginaddbgimage | Adds background image for the login
*DefaultApi* | [**eventchecksessions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventchecksessions) | **GET** /eventchecksessions | Edit an event&#39;s sessions according to their schedule
*DefaultApi* | [**eventdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventdelete) | **GET** /eventdelete | Delete a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventget) | **GET** /eventget | Search and view details of a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventgetsessionsbydate**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventgetsessionsbydate) | **GET** /eventgetsessionsbydate | View a list of courses by date
*DefaultApi* | [**eventlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventlist) | **GET** /eventlist | View a list of courses
*DefaultApi* | [**eventlistregistered**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventlistregistered) | **GET** /eventlistregistered | View a list of courses I am registered to
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregaddme**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregaddme) | **GET** /eventregaddme | Register current user to a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregaddmetoall**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregaddmetoall) | **GET** /eventregaddmetoall | Register current user to all courses
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregaddmetogroup**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregaddmetogroup) | **GET** /eventregaddmetogroup | Register current user to a course group
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregadduser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregadduser) | **GET** /eventregadduser | Register a user to a course for attendance
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregaddusertoall**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregaddusertoall) | **GET** /eventregaddusertoall | Register a user to assist with all courses
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregaddusertogroup**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregaddusertogroup) | **GET** /eventregaddusertogroup | Register a user to an course group
*DefaultApi* | [**eventreggetevents**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventreggetevents) | **GET** /eventreggetevents | View course registration by user
*DefaultApi* | [**eventreggetgroups**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventreggetgroups) | **GET** /eventreggetgroups | Lists the course group registrations of a user
*DefaultApi* | [**eventreggetmyevents**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventreggetmyevents) | **GET** /eventreggetmyevents | View the event registrations of the current user
*DefaultApi* | [**eventreggetmygroups**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventreggetmygroups) | **GET** /eventreggetmygroups | View all current user registrations to course groups
*DefaultApi* | [**eventreggetusers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventreggetusers) | **GET** /eventreggetusers | View course registration
*DefaultApi* | [**eventreggetusersfromgroup**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventreggetusersfromgroup) | **GET** /eventreggetusersfromgroup | Lists the registrations for a course group
*DefaultApi* | [**eventreggetuserstoall**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventreggetuserstoall) | **GET** /eventreggetuserstoall | View the users that are registered to all courses
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregremoveme**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregremoveme) | **GET** /eventregremoveme | Unregister current user from a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregremovemefromall**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregremovemefromall) | **GET** /eventregremovemefromall | Remove current user from the registration to all courses
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregremovemefromgroup**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregremovemefromgroup) | **GET** /eventregremovemefromgroup | Remove current user from a course group
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregremoveuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregremoveuser) | **GET** /eventregremoveuser | Remove a user from a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregremoveuserfromall**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregremoveuserfromall) | **GET** /eventregremoveuserfromall | Remove a user from the registration to all courses
*DefaultApi* | [**eventregremoveuserfromgroup**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventregremoveuserfromgroup) | **GET** /eventregremoveuserfromgroup | Remove a user from a course group
*DefaultApi* | [**eventsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventsave) | **POST** /eventsave | Create or edit a course
*DefaultApi* | [**eventsearchgroup**](docs/DefaultApi.md#eventsearchgroup) | **GET** /eventsearchgroup | Searches for the available event groups
*DefaultApi* | [**export**](docs/DefaultApi.md#export) | **GET** /export | Export AccuCampus data
*DefaultApi* | [**exportlisttypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#exportlisttypes) | **GET** /exportlisttypes | Lists available export types
*DefaultApi* | [**featurelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#featurelist) | **GET** /featurelist | Lists the available features.
*DefaultApi* | [**holidaylist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#holidaylist) | **GET** /holidaylist | View a list of entered holidays
*DefaultApi* | [**holidaysave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#holidaysave) | **POST** /holidaysave | Create or edit a list of holidays
*DefaultApi* | [**holidaysuggest**](docs/DefaultApi.md#holidaysuggest) | **GET** /holidaysuggest | View the holiday suggestions in the given term
*DefaultApi* | [**import**](docs/DefaultApi.md#import) | **GET** /import | Import data into AccuCampus
*DefaultApi* | [**importlisttypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#importlisttypes) | **GET** /importlisttypes | Lists available import types
*DefaultApi* | [**interactiondelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#interactiondelete) | **GET** /interactiondelete | Delete an interaction
*DefaultApi* | [**interactionfeed**](docs/DefaultApi.md#interactionfeed) | **GET** /interactionfeed | Get the interactions feed
*DefaultApi* | [**interactionget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#interactionget) | **GET** /interactionget | View an interaction
*DefaultApi* | [**interactionlistprivatesummary**](docs/DefaultApi.md#interactionlistprivatesummary) | **GET** /interactionlistprivatesummary | Get current user&#39;s latest private interactions
*DefaultApi* | [**interactionsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#interactionsave) | **POST** /interactionsave | Save an interaction
*DefaultApi* | [**licenseacceptagreement**](docs/DefaultApi.md#licenseacceptagreement) | **GET** /licenseacceptagreement | Accept the license agreement
*DefaultApi* | [**licensegetagreementstatus**](docs/DefaultApi.md#licensegetagreementstatus) | **GET** /licensegetagreementstatus | Check if license agreement has been accepted
*DefaultApi* | [**licensegetcurrent**](docs/DefaultApi.md#licensegetcurrent) | **GET** /licensegetcurrent | Gets the current license information
*DefaultApi* | [**licenserenew**](docs/DefaultApi.md#licenserenew) | **GET** /licenserenew | Contact Engineerica in order to renew the AccuCampus subscription
*DefaultApi* | [**likedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#likedelete) | **GET** /likedelete | Delete a like
*DefaultApi* | [**likelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#likelist) | **GET** /likelist | View all the likes associated to a target
*DefaultApi* | [**likesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#likesave) | **POST** /likesave | Save a like
*DefaultApi* | [**listtimezones**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listtimezones) | **GET** /listtimezones | Lists the available timezones
*DefaultApi* | [**locationdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#locationdelete) | **GET** /locationdelete | Delete a location
*DefaultApi* | [**locationget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#locationget) | **GET** /locationget | Search and view details of a location
*DefaultApi* | [**locationlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#locationlist) | **GET** /locationlist | View a list of locations
*DefaultApi* | [**locationsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#locationsave) | **POST** /locationsave | Create or edit a location
*DefaultApi* | [**login**](docs/DefaultApi.md#login) | **GET** /login | Login
*DefaultApi* | [**logout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#logout) | **GET** /logout | Logout
*DefaultApi* | [**mediacheckin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediacheckin) | **GET** /mediacheckin | Check in media item
*DefaultApi* | [**mediacheckout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediacheckout) | **GET** /mediacheckout | Check out media item
*DefaultApi* | [**mediacheckoutlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediacheckoutlist) | **GET** /mediacheckoutlist | View a list of past media checkouts
*DefaultApi* | [**mediadelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediadelete) | **GET** /mediadelete | Delete a media item
*DefaultApi* | [**mediadeletecheckoutlog**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediadeletecheckoutlog) | **GET** /mediadeletecheckoutlog | Delete a media checkout log
*DefaultApi* | [**mediaget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediaget) | **GET** /mediaget | Search and view details of a media item
*DefaultApi* | [**mediagetbycode**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediagetbycode) | **GET** /mediagetbycode | Search media item by unique code
*DefaultApi* | [**mediagetcheckout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediagetcheckout) | **GET** /mediagetcheckout | View details of a media item checkout information
*DefaultApi* | [**mediagetcheckoutlog**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediagetcheckoutlog) | **GET** /mediagetcheckoutlog | View details of a media checkout log
*DefaultApi* | [**medialist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#medialist) | **GET** /medialist | View a list of media items
*DefaultApi* | [**mediasave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediasave) | **POST** /mediasave | Create or edit a media item
*DefaultApi* | [**mediatypedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediatypedelete) | **GET** /mediatypedelete | Delete a media type
*DefaultApi* | [**mediatypeget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediatypeget) | **GET** /mediatypeget | Search and view details of a media type
*DefaultApi* | [**mediatypelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediatypelist) | **GET** /mediatypelist | View a list of media types
*DefaultApi* | [**mediatypesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mediatypesave) | **POST** /mediatypesave | Create or edit a media type
*DefaultApi* | [**memorizedreportdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#memorizedreportdelete) | **GET** /memorizedreportdelete | Delete memorized report
*DefaultApi* | [**memorizedreportget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#memorizedreportget) | **GET** /memorizedreportget | View details of a memorized report
*DefaultApi* | [**memorizedreportlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#memorizedreportlist) | **GET** /memorizedreportlist | View a list of all his memorized reports
*DefaultApi* | [**memorizedreportsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#memorizedreportsave) | **POST** /memorizedreportsave | Create or edit a memorized report
*DefaultApi* | [**menugetitems**](docs/DefaultApi.md#menugetitems) | **GET** /menugetitems | Gets the items on the menu
*DefaultApi* | [**myaccount**](docs/DefaultApi.md#myaccount) | **GET** /myaccount | Gets the logged in user account.
*DefaultApi* | [**myianatimezone**](docs/DefaultApi.md#myianatimezone) | **GET** /myianatimezone | Gets the current time zone&#39;s iana name
*DefaultApi* | [**myprofile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#myprofile) | **GET** /myprofile | Gets the logged in user information.
*DefaultApi* | [**myrights**](docs/DefaultApi.md#myrights) | **GET** /myrights | Gets the list of actions the user can execute.
*DefaultApi* | [**mysaveprofile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#mysaveprofile) | **POST** /mysaveprofile | Updates logged user&#39;s profile information
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationdelete) | **GET** /notificationdelete | Delete a notification
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationget) | **GET** /notificationget | View a notification
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationgetforstation**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationgetforstation) | **GET** /notificationgetforstation | Gets all public (in station) notifications for the specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationgetunreadcount**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationgetunreadcount) | **GET** /notificationgetunreadcount | Get the number of unread notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationlist) | **GET** /notificationlist | View a list of all sent notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationlistmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationlistmine) | **GET** /notificationlistmine | View all the notifications sent to the current user
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationmarkasread**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationmarkasread) | **GET** /notificationmarkasread | Mark a notification as read
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationmarkasunread**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationmarkasunread) | **GET** /notificationmarkasunread | Mark a notification as unread
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationsend**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationsend) | **GET** /notificationsend | Send notifications on screen, via email or text to users
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationsendonscreen**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationsendonscreen) | **GET** /notificationsendonscreen | Send on-screen notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopicdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopicdelete) | **GET** /notificationtopicdelete | Delete a notification topic
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopicget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopicget) | **GET** /notificationtopicget | Search and view details of a notification topic
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopiclist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopiclist) | **GET** /notificationtopiclist | List all the notification topics
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopiclistsubscribe**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopiclistsubscribe) | **GET** /notificationtopiclistsubscribe | List all the notification topics available to subscribe
*DefaultApi* | [**notificationtopicsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#notificationtopicsave) | **POST** /notificationtopicsave | Create or edit a notification topic
*DefaultApi* | [**pushderegister**](docs/DefaultApi.md#pushderegister) | **GET** /pushderegister | Deregisters the current device to receive push notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**pushregister**](docs/DefaultApi.md#pushregister) | **GET** /pushregister | Registers the current device to receive push notifications
*DefaultApi* | [**qrlabelsprint**](docs/DefaultApi.md#qrlabelsprint) | **GET** /qrlabelsprint | Print and email QR labels
*DefaultApi* | [**qrloginget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#qrloginget) | **GET** /qrloginget | Gets an image of a QR token
*DefaultApi* | [**qrloginlogin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#qrloginlogin) | **GET** /qrloginlogin | Login
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpaneldeletewidget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpaneldeletewidget) | **GET** /quickpaneldeletewidget | Deletes a widget from the Quick Panel
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelfetchwidget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelfetchwidget) | **GET** /quickpanelfetchwidget | Fetches the information for a specific widget.
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelgetwidget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelgetwidget) | **GET** /quickpanelgetwidget | View details of a widget included in the Quick Panel
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelinit**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelinit) | **GET** /quickpanelinit | Returns the initial information required to show the quick panels
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanellistwidgets**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanellistwidgets) | **GET** /quickpanellistwidgets | Lists all the widgets that are added in the Quick Panel
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanellistwidgettypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanellistwidgettypes) | **GET** /quickpanellistwidgettypes | Lists all the widget types available in the system
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelreorderwidgets**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelreorderwidgets) | **GET** /quickpanelreorderwidgets | Reorders the widgets and moves them to a specific column
*DefaultApi* | [**quickpanelsavewidget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#quickpanelsavewidget) | **POST** /quickpanelsavewidget | Saves a widget for the Quick Panel
*DefaultApi* | [**ratingflag**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratingflag) | **GET** /ratingflag | Flags one rating for moderation
*DefaultApi* | [**ratingflagcomment**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratingflagcomment) | **GET** /ratingflagcomment | Flags one comment for moderation
*DefaultApi* | [**ratingget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratingget) | **GET** /ratingget | Get rating for one or more entities
*DefaultApi* | [**ratinggetall**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratinggetall) | **GET** /ratinggetall | Gets the full ratings and comments for a specific entity
*DefaultApi* | [**ratinggetcomments**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratinggetcomments) | **GET** /ratinggetcomments | Gets all the comments for a rating
*DefaultApi* | [**ratinggetpending**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratinggetpending) | **GET** /ratinggetpending | Gets info of pre-saved and pre-approved ratings
*DefaultApi* | [**ratinggetpendingmoderation**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratinggetpendingmoderation) | **GET** /ratinggetpendingmoderation | Shows a list of the ratings and comments that are pending for moderation
*DefaultApi* | [**ratingmoderate**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratingmoderate) | **GET** /ratingmoderate | Allows the user to accept or reject a comment
*DefaultApi* | [**ratingpostcomment**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratingpostcomment) | **GET** /ratingpostcomment | Posts a comments for in a rating
*DefaultApi* | [**ratingrate**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratingrate) | **GET** /ratingrate | Rates one entity
*DefaultApi* | [**ratingratepending**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratingratepending) | **GET** /ratingratepending | Rates a pre-saved and pre-approved entity
*DefaultApi* | [**ratingvote**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ratingvote) | **GET** /ratingvote | Votes up or down a rating
*DefaultApi* | [**reportattanalyticsprepare**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportattanalyticsprepare) | **GET** /reportattanalyticsprepare | Query and load an attendance analytics report
*DefaultApi* | [**reportlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportlist) | **GET** /reportlist | View a list of available reports
*DefaultApi* | [**reportpermissionsbyuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportpermissionsbyuser) | **GET** /reportpermissionsbyuser | Permissions by user report
*DefaultApi* | [**reportprepare**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportprepare) | **GET** /reportprepare | Queries and loads the specified report, in background.
*DefaultApi* | [**reportquery**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportquery) | **GET** /reportquery | Query and load a specified report
*DefaultApi* | [**reportscheduledelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportscheduledelete) | **GET** /reportscheduledelete | Delete a report schedule
*DefaultApi* | [**reportscheduleget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportscheduleget) | **GET** /reportscheduleget | Get a report schedule
*DefaultApi* | [**reportschedulelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportschedulelist) | **GET** /reportschedulelist | View a list of the scheduled reports
*DefaultApi* | [**reportschedulesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reportschedulesave) | **POST** /reportschedulesave | Create or edit a report schedule
*DefaultApi* | [**reporttagresults**](docs/DefaultApi.md#reporttagresults) | **GET** /reporttagresults | Queries and loads a report in background and assigns (or unassigns) the specified tags to (from) the resulting users.
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodelcheckanalysis**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodelcheckanalysis) | **GET** /riskmodelcheckanalysis | Check the status of the analysis of a specified risk assessment model
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodeldelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodeldelete) | **GET** /riskmodeldelete | Delete a risk assessment model
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodelget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodelget) | **GET** /riskmodelget | View details of a risk assessment model
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodelgetscore**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodelgetscore) | **GET** /riskmodelgetscore | View the risk score for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodellist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodellist) | **GET** /riskmodellist | View a list of risk assessment models
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodelpredict**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodelpredict) | **GET** /riskmodelpredict | Predict risk based on an assessment model
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodelprocess**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodelprocess) | **GET** /riskmodelprocess | Process a risk assessment model
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodelrefresh**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodelrefresh) | **GET** /riskmodelrefresh | Refresh the information used in a risk assessment model
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodelsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodelsave) | **POST** /riskmodelsave | Create or edit a risk assessment model
*DefaultApi* | [**riskmodeltermprecedences**](docs/DefaultApi.md#riskmodeltermprecedences) | **GET** /riskmodeltermprecedences | View all default term precedences
*DefaultApi* | [**rolelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rolelist) | **GET** /rolelist | Show a list of roles
*DefaultApi* | [**ruledelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ruledelete) | **GET** /ruledelete | Delete a rule
*DefaultApi* | [**ruleget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ruleget) | **GET** /ruleget | View details of a rule
*DefaultApi* | [**rulegeteventtype**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulegeteventtype) | **GET** /rulegeteventtype | View details of a rule event type
*DefaultApi* | [**rulelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulelist) | **GET** /rulelist | View a list of user rules
*DefaultApi* | [**rulelistactions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulelistactions) | **GET** /rulelistactions | View a list of rule actions available
*DefaultApi* | [**rulelisteventtypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulelisteventtypes) | **GET** /rulelisteventtypes | View a list of rule event types
*DefaultApi* | [**rulelisthttprequests**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulelisthttprequests) | **GET** /rulelisthttprequests | View all the http requests sent as a result of a rule
*DefaultApi* | [**rulesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rulesave) | **POST** /rulesave | Create or edit a rule
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduledelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduledelete) | **GET** /scheduledelete | Delete a schedule slot
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduledeletemine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduledeletemine) | **GET** /scheduledeletemine | Delete a specific block from a user&#39;s own schedule
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleenable**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleenable) | **GET** /scheduleenable | Enable or disable the schedule for a specific person
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleenablemine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleenablemine) | **GET** /scheduleenablemine | Enable or disable current user&#39;s schedule
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulefindallstaffslots**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulefindallstaffslots) | **GET** /schedulefindallstaffslots | Search available schedule slots by service, event, date
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulefindslots**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulefindslots) | **GET** /schedulefindslots | Search available schedule slots by service, event, date and/or staff
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulefindstaffavail**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulefindstaffavail) | **GET** /schedulefindstaffavail | Search available staff members slots by service, event, and/or date
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleget) | **GET** /scheduleget | Search and view details of a specific schedule slot
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulegetmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulegetmine) | **GET** /schedulegetmine | View details of a specific schedule block, for current user
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulegetstaff**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulegetstaff) | **GET** /schedulegetstaff | View a list of schedule information of a specified person
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulegetstaffmine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulegetstaffmine) | **GET** /schedulegetstaffmine | View current user&#39;s schedule information
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleintegrationdeleteitem**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleintegrationdeleteitem) | **GET** /scheduleintegrationdeleteitem | Delete a schedule item looking up by a third party ID
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleintegrationdeleteitemsbymasterid**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleintegrationdeleteitemsbymasterid) | **GET** /scheduleintegrationdeleteitemsbymasterid | Delete multiple schedule items looking up by a third party master ID
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleintegrationgetitem**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleintegrationgetitem) | **GET** /scheduleintegrationgetitem | Get a schedule item looking up by a third party ID
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleintegrationsaveitem**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleintegrationsaveitem) | **POST** /scheduleintegrationsaveitem | Save a schedule item looking up by a third party ID
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleintegrationsetid**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleintegrationsetid) | **GET** /scheduleintegrationsetid | Set a 3rd party ID on a specific schedule item
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulemyofftimes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulemyofftimes) | **GET** /schedulemyofftimes | View current user&#39;s schedule exceptions
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulesave) | **POST** /schedulesave | Create or edit a schedule slot
*DefaultApi* | [**schedulesavemine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#schedulesavemine) | **POST** /schedulesavemine | Create or edit a block in current user&#39;s schedule
*DefaultApi* | [**search**](docs/DefaultApi.md#search) | **GET** /search | Search
*DefaultApi* | [**searchgetentities**](docs/DefaultApi.md#searchgetentities) | **GET** /searchgetentities | Get the information of the entities that can be searched
*DefaultApi* | [**securityassesspermission**](docs/DefaultApi.md#securityassesspermission) | **GET** /securityassesspermission | Returns the list of users for a specific permission
*DefaultApi* | [**securityassessrole**](docs/DefaultApi.md#securityassessrole) | **GET** /securityassessrole | Returns the list of permissions for a specific role
*DefaultApi* | [**securityassessscope**](docs/DefaultApi.md#securityassessscope) | **GET** /securityassessscope | Returns the list of users for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**securityassessuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#securityassessuser) | **GET** /securityassessuser | Returns the list of permissions for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**seminardelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#seminardelete) | **GET** /seminardelete | Delete an event
*DefaultApi* | [**seminarget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#seminarget) | **GET** /seminarget | Search and view details of a event
*DefaultApi* | [**seminarlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#seminarlist) | **GET** /seminarlist | View a list of events
*DefaultApi* | [**seminarsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#seminarsave) | **POST** /seminarsave | Create or edit a event
*DefaultApi* | [**serviceassignmentaddservice**](docs/DefaultApi.md#serviceassignmentaddservice) | **GET** /serviceassignmentaddservice | Enable a service in a specific location
*DefaultApi* | [**serviceassignmentgetlocation**](docs/DefaultApi.md#serviceassignmentgetlocation) | **GET** /serviceassignmentgetlocation | View a list of services enabled for a specific location
*DefaultApi* | [**serviceassignmentgetservice**](docs/DefaultApi.md#serviceassignmentgetservice) | **GET** /serviceassignmentgetservice | View a list of locations where a service is available
*DefaultApi* | [**serviceassignmentremoveservice**](docs/DefaultApi.md#serviceassignmentremoveservice) | **GET** /serviceassignmentremoveservice | Remove a service from a location
*DefaultApi* | [**servicedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#servicedelete) | **GET** /servicedelete | Delete a service
*DefaultApi* | [**serviceget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#serviceget) | **GET** /serviceget | Search and view details of a service
*DefaultApi* | [**servicelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#servicelist) | **GET** /servicelist | View a list of services
*DefaultApi* | [**servicesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#servicesave) | **POST** /servicesave | Create or edit a service
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendancelogaddnote**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendancelogaddnote) | **GET** /sessionattendancelogaddnote | Add a note to a class attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendancelogget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendancelogget) | **GET** /sessionattendancelogget | View details of a class attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendanceloggetuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendanceloggetuser) | **GET** /sessionattendanceloggetuser | View the class session attendance information for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendanceloglist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendanceloglist) | **GET** /sessionattendanceloglist | View attendance logs of the specified session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendanceloglistevent**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendanceloglistevent) | **GET** /sessionattendanceloglistevent | View the attendance information of an entire class
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendanceloglistsummary**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendanceloglistsummary) | **GET** /sessionattendanceloglistsummary | View the attendance summary for a class and/or a attendee
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendancelogmylistsummary**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendancelogmylistsummary) | **GET** /sessionattendancelogmylistsummary | View my attendance summary
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendancelogsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendancelogsave) | **POST** /sessionattendancelogsave | Create or edit a class attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionattendancelogsaveswipe**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionattendancelogsaveswipe) | **POST** /sessionattendancelogsaveswipe | Create or edit a class attendance log swipe
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionbulkupdate**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionbulkupdate) | **GET** /sessionbulkupdate | Bulk update event sessions
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionget) | **GET** /sessionget | View details of a session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessiongetschedule**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessiongetschedule) | **GET** /sessiongetschedule | Gets the schedule for a location, instructor or attendees
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionlist) | **GET** /sessionlist | Gets all future sessions of the current semester
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregaddcurrentuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregaddcurrentuser) | **GET** /sessionregaddcurrentuser | Register current user to an event session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregadduser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregadduser) | **GET** /sessionregadduser | Register users for events
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreggetmysessions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreggetmysessions) | **GET** /sessionreggetmysessions | View all the sessions the logged user is registered to
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreggetsessions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreggetsessions) | **GET** /sessionreggetsessions | Lists the registrations for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreggetsettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreggetsettings) | **GET** /sessionreggetsettings | Get the settings for session registration
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreggetusers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreggetusers) | **GET** /sessionreggetusers | Lists the registrations for a specific session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreglistsessions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreglistsessions) | **GET** /sessionreglistsessions | List the sessions available for a specific event
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreglistupcoming**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreglistupcoming) | **GET** /sessionreglistupcoming | View a list of upcoming event sessions
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionreglistupcomingevent**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionreglistupcomingevent) | **GET** /sessionreglistupcomingevent | View a list of upcoming sessions of a particular event
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregremovecurrentuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregremovecurrentuser) | **GET** /sessionregremovecurrentuser | Unregister current user from an event session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregremoveuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregremoveuser) | **GET** /sessionregremoveuser | Removes a user from an event session
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionregsavesettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionregsavesettings) | **POST** /sessionregsavesettings | Save the settings for an event&#39;s session registration
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionswipedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionswipedelete) | **GET** /sessionswipedelete | Delete a session swipe
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionswipeget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionswipeget) | **GET** /sessionswipeget | View details of a class attendance swipe
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionswipelistunresolved**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionswipelistunresolved) | **GET** /sessionswipelistunresolved | View a list of unresolved swipes
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionswiperesolve**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionswiperesolve) | **GET** /sessionswiperesolve | Resolve a swipe and create the corresponding attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionswipesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionswipesave) | **POST** /sessionswipesave | Creates a new swipe, and if possible, creates the attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**sessionswipesaveanonym**](docs/DefaultApi.md#sessionswipesaveanonym) | **POST** /sessionswipesaveanonym | Creates a new swipe from a sign-in station, and if possible, creates the attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**settingaddlogo**](docs/DefaultApi.md#settingaddlogo) | **GET** /settingaddlogo | Add a logo to the account
*DefaultApi* | [**settingget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#settingget) | **GET** /settingget | Get settings for the account or the specified scope
*DefaultApi* | [**settingsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#settingsave) | **POST** /settingsave | Save settings for the account or the specified scope
*DefaultApi* | [**settingviewgeneral**](docs/DefaultApi.md#settingviewgeneral) | **GET** /settingviewgeneral | View general settings for the account
*DefaultApi* | [**socialcontacts**](docs/DefaultApi.md#socialcontacts) | **GET** /socialcontacts | Gets the list of contacts in the network
*DefaultApi* | [**socialgroupaddmembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#socialgroupaddmembers) | **GET** /socialgroupaddmembers | Adds new members to a group (which the user must own already)
*DefaultApi* | [**socialgroupdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#socialgroupdelete) | **GET** /socialgroupdelete | Deletes a group
*DefaultApi* | [**socialgrouplist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#socialgrouplist) | **GET** /socialgrouplist | View all the groups the current user is in
*DefaultApi* | [**socialgrouplistmembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#socialgrouplistmembers) | **GET** /socialgrouplistmembers | Lists the members of a group
*DefaultApi* | [**socialgroupremovemembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#socialgroupremovemembers) | **GET** /socialgroupremovemembers | Removes members from a group (which the user must own already)
*DefaultApi* | [**socialgroupremovemyself**](docs/DefaultApi.md#socialgroupremovemyself) | **GET** /socialgroupremovemyself | Removes myself from an existent group
*DefaultApi* | [**socialgroupsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#socialgroupsave) | **POST** /socialgroupsave | Saves a new group
*DefaultApi* | [**ssogeneratekey**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ssogeneratekey) | **GET** /ssogeneratekey | Generate/reset single sign on access key.
*DefaultApi* | [**ssogetsettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ssogetsettings) | **GET** /ssogetsettings | View single sign on settings.
*DefaultApi* | [**ssoissuetoken**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ssoissuetoken) | **GET** /ssoissuetoken | Issue single sign-on token
*DefaultApi* | [**ssosavesettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ssosavesettings) | **POST** /ssosavesettings | Edit single sign-on settings.
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailaddmetoallservices**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailaddmetoallservices) | **GET** /staffavailaddmetoallservices | Associate current user to all services
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailaddmetoservice**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailaddmetoservice) | **GET** /staffavailaddmetoservice | Associate current user to a service
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailaddusertoallservices**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailaddusertoallservices) | **GET** /staffavailaddusertoallservices | Associate a staff member to all services
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailaddusertoservice**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailaddusertoservice) | **GET** /staffavailaddusertoservice | Associate a staff member to a service
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailgetmyservices**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailgetmyservices) | **GET** /staffavailgetmyservices | View the services the current user is available for
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailgetservices**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailgetservices) | **GET** /staffavailgetservices | View a list of services that a staff member is available for
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailgetusersforservice**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailgetusersforservice) | **GET** /staffavailgetusersforservice | View a list of staff members that are available for a specific service
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavaillisttypes**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavaillisttypes) | **GET** /staffavaillisttypes | View all the availability types
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailremovemefromallservices**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailremovemefromallservices) | **GET** /staffavailremovemefromallservices | Remove current user from all services
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailremovemefromservice**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailremovemefromservice) | **GET** /staffavailremovemefromservice | Remove current user from a service
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailremoveuserfromallservices**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailremoveuserfromallservices) | **GET** /staffavailremoveuserfromallservices | Removes a staff member from the registration to all services
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailremoveuserfromservice**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailremoveuserfromservice) | **GET** /staffavailremoveuserfromservice | Remove a staff member from a service
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailsetavailability**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailsetavailability) | **GET** /staffavailsetavailability | Make a staff member available for a specific availability type
*DefaultApi* | [**staffavailsetmyavailability**](docs/DefaultApi.md#staffavailsetmyavailability) | **GET** /staffavailsetmyavailability | Change current user&#39;s availability type
*DefaultApi* | [**stationdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationdelete) | **GET** /stationdelete | Delete a sign-in station
*DefaultApi* | [**stationget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationget) | **GET** /stationget | View details of a sign-in station
*DefaultApi* | [**stationgetcurrentterms**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationgetcurrentterms) | **GET** /stationgetcurrentterms | Get all the current terms
*DefaultApi* | [**stationgetinfo**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationgetinfo) | **GET** /stationgetinfo | Gets a the info to display in the sign-in station by it&#39;s ID.
*DefaultApi* | [**stationgetlicense**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationgetlicense) | **GET** /stationgetlicense | Gets the current license information
*DefaultApi* | [**stationgetlocationsettings**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationgetlocationsettings) | **GET** /stationgetlocationsettings | View the sign-in station settings of a specified location
*DefaultApi* | [**stationlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationlist) | **GET** /stationlist | View a list of sign-in stations
*DefaultApi* | [**stationsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationsave) | **POST** /stationsave | Create or edit a sign-in station
*DefaultApi* | [**stationsavemine**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationsavemine) | **POST** /stationsavemine | Create or edit a class attendance sign-in station for myself
*DefaultApi* | [**stationunlock**](docs/DefaultApi.md#stationunlock) | **GET** /stationunlock | Unlocks the sign-in station.
*DefaultApi* | [**swipedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipedelete) | **GET** /swipedelete | Delete a swipe
*DefaultApi* | [**swipeget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipeget) | **GET** /swipeget | Search and view details of a swipe
*DefaultApi* | [**swipelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipelist) | **GET** /swipelist | View a list of swipes
*DefaultApi* | [**swipesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipesave) | **POST** /swipesave | Create or edit a swipe, and if possible, save the related attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**swipesaveanonym**](docs/DefaultApi.md#swipesaveanonym) | **POST** /swipesaveanonym | Creates a new swipe from a sign-in station, and if possible, creates the attendance log
*DefaultApi* | [**tagdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagdelete) | **GET** /tagdelete | Delete a tag
*DefaultApi* | [**tagget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagget) | **GET** /tagget | View details of a specified tag
*DefaultApi* | [**taglist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#taglist) | **GET** /taglist | View a list of tags
*DefaultApi* | [**taglistgroups**](docs/DefaultApi.md#taglistgroups) | **GET** /taglistgroups | View a list of entities that can be tagged
*DefaultApi* | [**tagsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagsave) | **POST** /tagsave | Create or edit a tag
*DefaultApi* | [**tagsearch**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagsearch) | **GET** /tagsearch | Search for tags in the account
*DefaultApi* | [**templateaddimage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templateaddimage) | **GET** /templateaddimage | Add an image to a template
*DefaultApi* | [**templatedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatedelete) | **GET** /templatedelete | Delete a template
*DefaultApi* | [**templateemail**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templateemail) | **GET** /templateemail | Send generated templates by email
*DefaultApi* | [**templategenerate**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templategenerate) | **GET** /templategenerate | Generate specified templates
*DefaultApi* | [**templateget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templateget) | **GET** /templateget | View details of a template
*DefaultApi* | [**templategetgenerated**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templategetgenerated) | **GET** /templategetgenerated | View generated templates
*DefaultApi* | [**templatelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatelist) | **GET** /templatelist | View a list of defined templates
*DefaultApi* | [**templatelistsources**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatelistsources) | **GET** /templatelistsources | View a list of templates&#39; data sources
*DefaultApi* | [**templatesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatesave) | **POST** /templatesave | Create or edit a template
*DefaultApi* | [**templatesavelayout**](docs/DefaultApi.md#templatesavelayout) | **POST** /templatesavelayout | Save the layout of a template
*DefaultApi* | [**termdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#termdelete) | **GET** /termdelete | Delete a term
*DefaultApi* | [**termget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#termget) | **GET** /termget | Search and view details of a term
*DefaultApi* | [**termlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#termlist) | **GET** /termlist | Search and view details of all terms
*DefaultApi* | [**termsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#termsave) | **POST** /termsave | Create and edit terms
*DefaultApi* | [**textcreditremaining**](docs/DefaultApi.md#textcreditremaining) | **GET** /textcreditremaining | Gets the remaining text credits for the account
*DefaultApi* | [**texttoimage**](docs/DefaultApi.md#texttoimage) | **GET** /texttoimage | Generates a dynamic image from text
*DefaultApi* | [**translationget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#translationget) | **GET** /translationget | Gets the translations of the specified values
*DefaultApi* | [**translationgetcachefile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#translationgetcachefile) | **GET** /translationgetcachefile | Get the file containing the translations
*DefaultApi* | [**translationlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#translationlist) | **GET** /translationlist | Lists all the available translations in the system
*DefaultApi* | [**translationsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#translationsave) | **POST** /translationsave | Edit a translation
*DefaultApi* | [**userchangepwd**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userchangepwd) | **GET** /userchangepwd | Change user&#39;s own password
*DefaultApi* | [**userchangepwdbyreq**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userchangepwdbyreq) | **GET** /userchangepwdbyreq | Changes the user password using a change password request id
*DefaultApi* | [**userdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userdelete) | **GET** /userdelete | Delete a user
*DefaultApi* | [**userfindsimilar**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userfindsimilar) | **GET** /userfindsimilar | Finds similar users to prevent duplicates
*DefaultApi* | [**userget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userget) | **GET** /userget | Search and view details of a user
*DefaultApi* | [**usergetbycard**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergetbycard) | **GET** /usergetbycard | Search user by card number
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupaddmember**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupaddmember) | **GET** /usergroupaddmember | Add a user to a group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupdelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupdelete) | **GET** /usergroupdelete | Delete a group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupget) | **GET** /usergroupget | Search and view details of a user group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupgetmembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupgetmembers) | **GET** /usergroupgetmembers | View the members of a user group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupgetuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupgetuser) | **GET** /usergroupgetuser | View the groups which a user is registered to
*DefaultApi* | [**usergrouplist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergrouplist) | **GET** /usergrouplist | View a list of user groups
*DefaultApi* | [**usergrouprefresh**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergrouprefresh) | **GET** /usergrouprefresh | Refresh the dynamic group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupremovemember**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupremovemember) | **GET** /usergroupremovemember | Remove a user from a group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupsave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupsave) | **POST** /usergroupsave | Create or edit a group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergrouptagmembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergrouptagmembers) | **GET** /usergrouptagmembers | Assign tags to the members of a specified group
*DefaultApi* | [**usergroupuntagmembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usergroupuntagmembers) | **GET** /usergroupuntagmembers | Unassign tags from the members of a specified group
*DefaultApi* | [**userlist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userlist) | **GET** /userlist | View a list of users
*DefaultApi* | [**userloadphoto**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userloadphoto) | **GET** /userloadphoto | Upload a photo for a specific user
*DefaultApi* | [**usermovedata**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usermovedata) | **GET** /usermovedata | Move data between users
*DefaultApi* | [**userprofiledelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userprofiledelete) | **GET** /userprofiledelete | Delete a user profile
*DefaultApi* | [**userprofileget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userprofileget) | **GET** /userprofileget | View a specific user profile
*DefaultApi* | [**userprofilegetallview**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userprofilegetallview) | **GET** /userprofilegetallview | Shows the profile for a specific (or current) user, based on each profile questionnaire questions.
*DefaultApi* | [**userprofilelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userprofilelist) | **GET** /userprofilelist | View the list of user profiles
*DefaultApi* | [**userprofilelistquestions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userprofilelistquestions) | **GET** /userprofilelistquestions | Gets the list of all the available user questions
*DefaultApi* | [**userprofilepreparestats**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userprofilepreparestats) | **GET** /userprofilepreparestats | Gets the statistics of a user group
*DefaultApi* | [**userprofilesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userprofilesave) | **POST** /userprofilesave | Create or edit user profile questions
*DefaultApi* | [**userprofilesaveanswers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userprofilesaveanswers) | **POST** /userprofilesaveanswers | Saves the profile for a specific (or current) user. Additional security applies on a per profile basis.
*DefaultApi* | [**userrequestpwdchange**](docs/DefaultApi.md#userrequestpwdchange) | **GET** /userrequestpwdchange | Requests a password change
*DefaultApi* | [**usersave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersave) | **POST** /usersave | Create or edit a user
*DefaultApi* | [**usersavepwdchange**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersavepwdchange) | **POST** /usersavepwdchange | Send email to the specified user(s) to set/change their passwords
*DefaultApi* | [**usersettingsget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersettingsget) | **GET** /usersettingsget | Lists available user settings
*DefaultApi* | [**usersettingsgetmultiple**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersettingsgetmultiple) | **GET** /usersettingsgetmultiple | Get multiple user settings
*DefaultApi* | [**usersettingssave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersettingssave) | **POST** /usersettingssave | Saves a user setting
*DefaultApi* | [**usersettingssavemultiple**](docs/DefaultApi.md#usersettingssavemultiple) | **POST** /usersettingssavemultiple | Save multiple user settings at once
*DefaultApi* | [**version**](docs/DefaultApi.md#version) | **GET** /version | Get current version information
*DefaultApi* | [**virtuallineaddmyself**](docs/DefaultApi.md#virtuallineaddmyself) | **GET** /virtuallineaddmyself | Add myself to a waiting line
*DefaultApi* | [**virtuallinelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#virtuallinelist) | **GET** /virtuallinelist | Lists waiting lines that have remote access enabled
*DefaultApi* | [**virtuallineremovemyself**](docs/DefaultApi.md#virtuallineremovemyself) | **GET** /virtuallineremovemyself | Remove myself from a waiting line
*DefaultApi* | [**waitinglineadduser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#waitinglineadduser) | **GET** /waitinglineadduser | Put user in a waiting line
*DefaultApi* | [**waitinglinedelete**](docs/DefaultApi.md#waitinglinedelete) | **GET** /waitinglinedelete | Delete a waiting line
*DefaultApi* | [**waitinglineget**](docs/DefaultApi.md#waitinglineget) | **GET** /waitinglineget | View details of a waiting line
*DefaultApi* | [**waitinglineisuserin**](docs/DefaultApi.md#waitinglineisuserin) | **GET** /waitinglineisuserin | Check whether a user is in a waiting line, signed-in or is not in the area
*DefaultApi* | [**waitinglinelist**](docs/DefaultApi.md#waitinglinelist) | **GET** /waitinglinelist | View a list of waiting lines
*DefaultApi* | [**waitinglineremoveuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#waitinglineremoveuser) | **GET** /waitinglineremoveuser | Remove a user from a waiting line
*DefaultApi* | [**waitinglinesave**](docs/DefaultApi.md#waitinglinesave) | **POST** /waitinglinesave | Create or edit a waiting line
*DefaultApi* | [**waitinglinesigninuser**](docs/DefaultApi.md#waitinglinesigninuser) | **GET** /waitinglinesigninuser | Sign a user in from a waiting line


# DOCUMENTATION FOR MODELS
 - [WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ActionResult](docs/ActionResult.md)
 - [WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::ErrorActionResult](docs/ErrorActionResult.md)


# DOCUMENTATION FOR AUTHORIZATION
 All endpoints do not require authorization.

